I I've I've had a hell of a lot to deal
with do you know what it's like sitting
somewhere knowing that you called for
calm knowing that you held a totally
peaceful rally twice in a row knowing
that you haven't instigated violence or
attacks against mosques but watching as
the entire world's media say you have
there's no evidence to it they
resurrected a dead organization of the
English Defense League that hasn't been
around for a decade and they told the
entire British Muslim Community they're
on about misinformation the British
government and its politicians and
police forces told the whole Muslim
Community of the UK that the English
Defense League was coming to attack
their mosques
[Music]
no so everybody um I'm talking with my
wife and Tommy Robinson again today um
many of you know Tommy Robinson is I
don't know maybe he's the most
controversial person in the Western
World at the moment I mean there's
always Trump and it's hard to beat Trump
for sheer controversial for sheer
controversy but Robinson is definitely
in the Forefront uh he's been the enemy
of the leftists but also the
establishment so to speak in the UK for
many many years and has paid a big price
for his work as a political activist and
as a journalist and uh Tammy and I
talked to him about a month ago after
just before he organized a an assemblage
of workingclass British people in TR
Square about 100,000 people very very
peaceful and that in turn was just
before there was a terrible uh mass
murder in the UK that precipitated a
series of protests and riots and then a
real crack down by the UK government
Crackdown that I do believe threatens
free speech in a major way the uh
podcast that Tammy and I did with Tommy
has been interfered with in a major way
by YouTube and by Google it's been
deprioritized in the search engines the
comments have been turned off it's been
demonetized people can't share it
there's a community warning on it and I
think all of that is a consequence of
the fact that what we were discussing is
actually dead on Target and that's an
indication that that's the case and I
guess in for a penny in for a pound I
was very interested in talking to
Robinson I'm trying to get to the bottom
of things I'm trying to sort out the
story and so is my wife and uh we didn't
finish doing that the last time we
talked and so I took the opportunity
today I hope to roast Robinson over
somewhat of a slow fire in so far as I'm
capable of doing that uh to face him
with the allegations that he that have
been levied against him with regards to
being a right-wing activist and to his
past history of of uh Behavior that's
resulted in convictions and imprisonment
in the British um judicial system and
the and the and the penitentiary
system we walked through all that to the
degree that we were capable and that's
what you're going to be presented with
today so thank you very much for your
time and attention in that regard um
it's a very controversial podcast yeah
hello Mr Robertson hello Tammy nice to
see you guys again I suppose if nice is
the word hi Jordan hi Tammy good to see
you both Lots has
happened yeah well and lots has happened
well it's been a month and so so let's
re I I maybe start with a review of
what's actually happened as a
consequence of our video so the first
thing is that it's it's probably acred
something approximating 4 million views
although it's hard to tell at the moment
um partly because YouTube is up to uh
the sorts of tricks that have become St
standard in today's media I would say so
this is what YouTube has done certain
features have been disabled for this
video in response to user reports we
have disabled some features such as
comments sharing and suggested videos
because this video contains content that
may be inappropriate or offensive to
some audiences and so what does that
mean well it's hard to tell exactly what
it means it does mean that we don't get
to see how people are responding to the
video now this happened relatively
recently and I can tell you because I've
been tracking the comments that the
overwhelming majority of them are
extremely positive and so obviously that
isn't going to fly and people don't get
to say what they have to say about this
video because well some people some user
reports um have or some of the people
who are submitting user reports have
decided that this was inappropriate
content so what else has happened well
if you search for our video on Google
it's really hard to find and if you
search for it on YouTube it's also
really hard to find if you type in
Jordan Peterson Tommy Robinson our video
comes up about 10th the first one that
comes up has like 3,000 views instead of
the multiple million views that our
video had and then it's the same thing
on Google and so we've had our behind
the scenes people at YouTube
investigating and you know the
scuttlebutt and who the hell knows if
this is true is that you know YouTube is
bowing to external pressure and some of
that's submitted well by the powers that
be in the UK and so the reason I'm
highlighting this is because from a
personal perspective it's really really
annoying it's really annoying that the
comments are turned off it's really
annoying that it's demonetized and that
uh it can't be shared it's even more
annoying that the search engine is being
mucked around with so that our video
doesn't come up first as it should so
that it's not easy to find this is a
real perversion of Public Communication
and this is completely independent of
the validity of your stance and I don't
know how to respond to this because you
know my sense
is if you're over the target people get
annoyed okay and then what else has
happened
well I've got a lot of feedback about
our conversation I knew it was going to
be contentious and most of that feedback
has been positive uh
people reasonable people I suppose
thought I should have raped you over the
Kohls more Tammy as well should have
raped you over the Kohls more about some
of the issues in your past and so we're
going to do that today um and then I
guess we could talk about too Tommy
let's talk about what's happened to you
in the last month so bring everybody up
to date and then we'll and then we'll
continue our
conversation so what you're experiencing
now is what I've experienced for the
last since my activism and this is their
ability to take away my voice or anyone
from hearing from me so that they can
continually tell people how I think and
what I think that's all this is this is
them controlling The public's opinion
based upon me so they don't want people
sitting and hearing my long form
discussion they would rather their
controlled weaponized media is able to
give headlines as which we'll get on to
over the last two weeks have been
absolutely incredibly false and they've
lied about me to the entire world basic
getting on to the fact that there's been
riots in the UK and and and the the
media have said that I instigated them
and directed them there's no truth in
that there's no evidence of it not a
single piece of evidence what they use
is once the media say it once and I've
gone on to watch as journalist after
journalist once it's once it was put out
by The Daily Mail journalist after
journalist have continued to regurgitate
it and now it's spoken about as a matter
of fact is that I controlled and I
instigated the riots in the UK whereas
the evidence is that I made video after
video after video calling for people to
remain calm and not and not go out in
violence I just understood why they were
angry so the truth and when we get onto
the media so the Daily Mail and the
Daily Mail Runner headline Peter and
Tammy that you've probably seen where
they track down where I was with my
family I was on a vacation if I can go
through the sequence of events if that's
best off starting from the from the 20
so on the 27th of July we held a
peaceful rally which we spoke about
prior in in our last discussion was the
buildup to it and we didn't know what to
expect we knew what we were going to try
and do
and what we wanted to do and we were
totally successful in both of them we
held a 100,000 people in the largest
gathering of British Patriots the
countries ever seen in Trafalga Square
for a celebration of all the things that
have been taken from us and when I say
that our identity our culture
celebrating who we are as a as a
community and as a country and as a
people and all the things that they've
wanted to weaken about us we we B about
every Community the diversity of our
crowd was was everyone from Every
background to say celebrate being being
British and we sent a message to The
Establishment on the 27th of July that
if we had 100,000 people there on the
streets and we had almost a million
watching live and it was totally
peaceful and I'll explain why it was
peaceful it was peaceful because we
organized oursel and we didn't allow any
infiltration we've seen the allegations
and the suspicions on January 6th that
many of the people instigating the
violence were working with the
government how could they do that on our
demonstration when we made sure that all
of our men we had influential men tough
men from across the UK who came with the
same mindset for a peaceful
demonstration and we made the rule that
if anyone covers their faces if anyone
turns up wearing all black and we'll get
on to why this is important because
we've seen riots in the UK and if you
look at each of the videos of the riots
and the at the hotels the people at the
leading front of it are wearing exactly
the same full disguises where no one can
see their identity and they're the ones
instigating the violence so we made it
impossible for them to do that because
they would have known that if anyone
turned up with a face covering 100
English men would be turning on them
take down the face mask what are you
doing in what who are you from so we
held a peaceful rally it was impossible
to infiltrate our our movement without
being confronted and we made sure
everyone knew that and we made sure that
all the different groups of men that
were coming from across the UK which we
held meetings beforehand saying if there
if there's five men 10 men 20 men we
must confront them if anyone turns up to
instigate violence on the street in our
name we will confront them and these
Security Services which I'm sorry but
it's the security services who have
instigated violence in many
demonstrations in fact if your people
want to Google special demon special
demonstration Squad as you're watching
this video you'll see secretive
organizations in the UK that were from
the government which infiltrate
demonstration movements to instigate a a
narrative that they want they want us to
be violent they want us wearing masks
and they want to be able to Del
legitimize what we stand for and what's
happened since the 27th of July we had
100,000 people on the street we had a
celebration it wouldn't have gone the
way the authorities or the security
services or any of them would have
wanted it to go and that was we have we
have gone from working class we are now
peeling to the middle class we're now
reaching the masses in our Movement we
have a larger reach than ever before and
the way they've managed to tarnish us
and taint us for a decade has not been
successful in the last six months and
the reason being I have an account here
on X I can I can reach the public myself
so the way they've sensed us as you're
now experiencing on your YouTube channel
is they've silenced our voice and then
they've told people how to think using
their media it's 27th of July we have a
successful event the next day I travel
to the border of the UK and I'm I'm
arrested under counterterrorism
legislation what does that mean that
means that as I got in my car and as I
travel through the Border I was detained
I was told it's under article 7even of
the terrorism legislation act I believe
where they read they actually read out
and it says we believe you're in the
instigation and preparation of Acts of
terrorism so we can now detain you and
both the officers said well we don't
believe that but this legislation gives
us the power to now do this so give us
your phone they seize my phone they can
seize all electrical devices then they
sat me down for 6 hours under
interrogation where you do not have a
right to remain silent now this should
terrify everyone because these sorts
it's like the Patriot Patriot Act in the
United States they bring in this
legislation to prohibit terrorism so
legitimate reasons to that that then
take our freedoms away and then they
turn it and use it against citizens so
I'm sitting there as a journalist I've
held a peaceful rally and here I am for
6 hours being questioned about certain
things one of the questions I was asked
is how do you think you're going to stop
the great replacement this is a a
question from counterterrorism in a
six-hour interview where I do not have a
right to remain silent when I ask what
that means if you don't answer our
questions we'll charge you under
terrorism legislation so if you do not
give us the password to your phone
you'll be charged under terrorism
legislation so I sit there under
interview for six hours answer the most
absurd questions about why there can't
be a two-state solution I in Palestine
what's my opinion on that wanted to know
wanting to question about who's
organized behind the scenes in our
movement that we've just held what are
we planning next these are all
legitimate things that have absolutely
no not no business of the British state
but here they are infringing on my
rights and our rights and especially my
rights as a journalist cuz when they got
into then seizing my phone and asking me
for the passcode in my phone at which
point I said well I'm I'm sorry you're
not having the passcode in my phone
because I work as a journalist that's my
phone and I read there before they got
me into interview I read their
legislation and they weren't allowed to
question me in interview that would do
anything that would reveal sources of
information for my work as a journalist
so I said well by opening my phone
you're going to reveal privileged
information between me and my lawyers
because they're aware I've got a full a
fullon legal battle with them now about
the film that I've made Jordan I don't
want to go off on on tangents here but I
probably will we spoke before I I made a
decision on the 27th of July I had
100,000 people watching almost a million
online I made a decision to play a movie
that was banned it was banned for three
years prior I had been prohibited from
showing evidence to the British public
again because they wish to control how
people think they had used their media
to tell the public that I had lied I had
I had made a documentary that three
years prior I failed I failed as a
journalist I failed as a as I'd say as a
father as an Englishman it's my job to
protect and and expose corruption
especially when it comes from the
British State when the British state are
weaponizing courts and and what you all
witnessed now in the last two weeks is
what I've known they have weaponized the
Judiciary within seven days some people
were arrested and some people committed
a crime and within two or three days it
was televised to the British public as
they were sent to prison for years for
things they'd said on Facebook what this
has been an attempt do is to to scare
the British public intimidate them into
silence the reason being we are on the
verge of a cultural revolution in Great
Britain now bringing 100,000 people on
the street in a peaceful celebration and
sending a message to The Establishment
is not certainly not what they want so
what we've witnessed since that day is a
full-on attack and especially against me
and if and Jordan I don't I can go on
talking about this but if it's okay I
will so that people get the full context
of what's happened here I'm taken in by
counterterrorism by the time I'm
released and I got questioned about the
film that I played I make an allegation
in that film in that film fil about this
is this is silence silenced yeah the
film is called silenced it's pinned on
my Twitter which is T Robinson New Era
the problem they have they can't stop
people viewing or restrict the comments
on X because they don't have control of
Elon Musk that is why they're upset with
El musk it's why El musk is now being
called a danger to our country it's why
he's now being labeled as far right as
an extremist all the same labeling they
give to us is now what he faces because
they don't have control so at the minute
I think when we spoke before I was
hoping that 10 million people would
watch the film and the reason I was
hoping that was because it totally
exposes the corruption of the Judiciary
the weaponization of the Judiciary and
the way the media the and all of them
conspire together to control a narrative
and the way they destroy anyone who gets
in the way of that narrative which is
what I've currently faced that film is
currently on 44 million views I
currently face as as people have the
media have said that I'm currently on
the Run yeah that's what they've said is
I'm I'm on the run and I fled I fled a
court case so I go to leave the country
the next day I'm detained by
counterterrorism I'm
held they then make the when I refuse to
give my PIN code I say no and the re and
I'll give the reason so people
understand as a journalist I've made a
five-part documentary series called the
rap of brim in that uncover corrupt
police officers in in episode six we're
about to uncover a corrupt politician in
the same town who has allegations of
child abuse against him we have covert
recordings of this why would they want
access to my phone which is what I was
asking them am I going to give you
access to my phone when I have my
sources of information on there for this
and so people understand my concerns
because they're legitimate concerns in
Ram one of the Scandal hit one of the
towns hit by the rape scandal of Muslim
men raping young English girls the
police actually deleted evidence when
young girls went in and give them their
their underwear which had the DNA of men
on it who had raped them when they then
went back in for the prosecution of the
case the underwear had gone missing yeah
in vow in Telford in older in all of
these cases the police worked against
the interests of the public they worked
to hide the evidence in these cases to
get rid of evidence and protect the
rapist and not just protect the rapist
but protect the dirty hands of lead
police officers and Lead government
officials who had allowed this rate to
continue for a generation so so many of
them had dirty hands so I told the
police why would I give you why I these
girls have come to me to tell their
stories they trust me not you and the
reason they do that is because whatever
you put on your computer system and in
fact in episode five of our
investigation it was the police who gave
the address of our survivor to the gang
Muslim gangs it was the police who
leaked the information to families at
the school it was the police so no I'm
not about to put the Jeopardy or the
safety of the survivors or anyone who's
given me their that who's given me their
trust in confiding in me with
information so I can expose it and that
goes for whether it be about Corruption
of the court cases the Judiciary or the
rape gang so I told the police in
uncertain terms you're not going to get
a pin code off of me and if you want to
charge me under terrorism legislation
then you do that and um at which point I
was transferred from the port to a
police station to be charged I then had
a ciss cuz up until this point you don't
have a right to remain silent under
terrorism legislation I then get a
solicitor we're both told including my
solicor that we're about to be
prosecuted I undergo interview where I
explain exactly what I'd already said to
the police no you're not having it and
um this is an abuse of police power well
the first question to me was what was
your what is your opinion in the
terrorism legislation what is your
opinion of the UK right now and I said a
totalitarian state and they said care to
explain that I said yes I'm currently
sat here under no investig you don't
believe I've commit committed any
offense but here I am without right to
remain silent being quizzed about my
legal and lawful um activism and
journalism and and under terrorism
legislation this is a totalitarian state
this stinks of nothing more this this
exposes nothing more than a totalitarian
state so I went through all of this and
then when it gets to i' undergone my
interview and I'm sat in myself cell for
five or six hours and I don't get
charged so I haven't yet been charged so
something happened between this and this
for them to make a decision and bail him
and that's what they've done but they
took my phone they took my phone to
download every bit of data this is the
government and the state receiving every
bit of data off of my phone to do with
my work my activism even after I told
them I'm a journalist that's my work
phone you but they''re still gone in so
this is what happens on the 28th of July
I'm then released I'm released on the
28th of July at 11:00 p.m. I don't have
a phone but I continue to make my way
where I was going I drive through fance
by the time I actually get a phone in
Spain by the time I get a six 16 or 18
hour drive I'm then informed when I get
online that there's been a murder of a
of of young girls in the in Southport in
the north of England where a man has
gone in and he's butchered lots of
children in Southport that's all that
was given to us at that time okay now
the the alarming Bell for me not the
alarming Bell but whether this is
conspiracy or not because this proves it
is is that evening there was a vigil or
the evening after there's a vigil for
all the children who have been killed
Southport is a close-knit workingclass
community and all of the families have
come out and they're there and so people
can understand what were they going
through in this community a few days
later I spoke to one of the uncles of of
these children who were attacked his
seven-year-old niece the man entered the
building he grabbed her by the hair he
stabbed her in the face he stabbed her
and took her bicep off and he stabbed
her in the body then he dropped her then
he walked in and he continued butchering
now this one family and the uncle I
spoke to that was his niece the god
daughter on the other side of the family
was 9 years old and she was dead after
being stabbed seven times so just so you
can imagine the anguish the anger from
this community that was going on they've
all come out to hold a vigil and around
the corner from the vigil a man of Arab
appearance has been detained with
another big knife and a balac clava so
word has quickly spread amongst the
vigil that there's there's another
planned attack on the
that has boiled over into anger into
frustration and into clashes with the
police now I didn't organize this I
hadn't even had a comment on it at this
point yeah but that night when when Riot
started ensuing by the British public
not by any organized group the police
come out and made a statement saying it
was members of the English Defense
League now as soon as I heard that so
your viewers and listeners understand I
formed the English Defense League in
2009 it ended in 2015 15 that's a decade
there there's not been an English
Defense League for a decade there's no
organization there's no membership
there's no meetings there's nothing it's
unheard of okay it's unheard of but by
blaming rather than the I was trying to
work out why they were doing this and
then I've I've received it's probably to
land it on my feet yeah so they can
tarnish me with with the if they have to
accept why are people rioting on the
streets of Southport it's the British
public it's not an organized far-right
group but by straight way labeling these
British people as far right they don't
have to discuss why they're
angry I'm taking four of my esteemed
colleagues and you across the world oh
wow this is amazing to ReDiscover the
ways our ancient ancestors develop the
ideas that shap modern society it was a
monument to Civic greatness to visit the
places where history was made that is
ash from the actual fires when the
Babylonians burn Jerusalem from 20 500
years ago to walk the same roads We are
following the path of the crucifixion
and experience the same
[Music]
wond we are on the site of a
miracle what kind of resources can human
beings bring to a mysterious but
knowable
Universe science art politics all that
makes life Wonder Wonder
[Music]
ful and something new about the world is
revealed let let me ask you a couple of
things about that Tommy if you don't
mind so you should probably walk people
through what the English Defense League
was because that's one of the
accusations that's leveled against you
with regards to being far right we
should also probably take apart this
this massacre of these young girls
because my understanding is when that
first occurred that rumors were spread
that that was um a like a first
generation immigrant was involved in the
stabbing now it turned out that it was
the it was a second generation it was
the child of first generation immigrants
and I'm I'm not trying to make a case
for that I'm just trying to lay out the
the facts and and so it isn't obvious to
me how do you understand the Uproar
about the the stabbings the murders in
relationship to the furer that's
developed on the immigration front so
let's walk through the English Defense
League I also you you I'd like to talk
about the British national party too
which you were involved in that
Wikipedia defines as fascist and so
those are the those are two things we
can deal with and then I also want to
know how you understand conceptually the
connection between your activism and
that big rally that you had that was
peaceful and because that had an effect
and there's no reason to assume that
that didn't um increase the probability
that um protests of the sort that we saw
in the aftermath of the stabbing were
likely to occur and how do you construe
your own your own
responsibility for the heightened
probability that such that such rots for
example were likely to occur so it's a
lot of things to to walk through English
Defense League British national party
and then your understanding of the
relationship between your rally and
the the protests that that did
degenerate into violence in the UK let's
see if we can sort that out we start on
the British national party so you're
right the British national party was a
fascist uh political party and when I
was 21 years old I held my first ever
rally and it was called B the luten
Taliban it was against the increased
islamization and jihadist organizations
we spoke about them in our in our last
meeting now when you're drowning you
clutch at straws and Luton and my town
was drowning and I looked for anyone
talking about this issue the only people
I found talking about with the British
national party now the reason why people
know I was a member of the British
national party is because there was a
leaked list in in this year that I'm
talking about now the leak list showed
five years so I Join one year yeah I
don't join the next year I don't renew
my membership okay and I'll explain why
so I joined the British national party I
looked for someone talking about they
held a meeting I turned up to their
meeting I spoke about in our last in our
last sitdown I said that I I was part of
a football culture and there was a large
group of us who went to football
together so the British national party
would have been excited that they had
boots on the ground in L yeah young men
who who were boots on the ground for
their activism now when I joined the
British national party I had no idea
that Nick Griffin who was the leader of
it was the former member of the national
front as I said I wasn't political I was
just a young that and their their first
10 points would you'd have to be brain
dead not to agree with them when you go
on the website homes for British
pensioners and get all the all the 10
points you'd agree with yeah so they
hold a meeting we turn up to the meeting
as young Lads and this is actually
documented by a far left magazine called
search light and it's called when the
minks which is luton's football uh
Community luton's football hooligan
element the men in gear fell out with
the BMP so we went to a meeting and when
we got to the door they said he can't
come in he can't come in and it was the
black lads and we said what do you mean
they can't come in and they said well
you can't be a member of the BP unless
you're unless you're white so we told
him you're not having a meeting in our
town then you're having no meetings in
our town and the BMP was nonexistent
from this point yeah so non-existent so
four years later is when I formed the
English Defense League and from the
offset we were welcome to every color
every race everybody so I formed the Eng
Defense League in 2009 I want to get on
to the far right because this is
provable as well the media called it far
right from the start we had a SE leader
git Singh okay great lad we we've done
more to educate the British public and
the white predominantly white
workingclass community of what seeks
have given and what other minorities
have given into the UK and the reason
being I'm from Luton Town the majority
of my friends aren't white so I the EOS
of the English Defense League started
with my mindset we had a seik division a
Hindu division we had a lesbian and gay
division we had a Jewish division we had
divisions from every Community doesn't
sound very far right now let let let's
not allow the media to decide whether an
organization's far right there's a
national extremism unit within the
metropolitan police force and it's their
job to Define groups like The English
Defense League and the BMP the BMP what
categorized as extreme far right the
English Defense League the entire time I
led It Center his organization so
because the media say it once and then
say it 100 times and then it gets
regurgitated by the media and
politicians and all the like it was far
right it was far right it was never far
right and it was always judged by the
national extremism unit of the
Metropolitan Police Force who are
professionals and whose job it is to do
this and look at groups as to what
constitutes actually far right is that
Muslims should enter dialogue this was
their advice which the officer got
absolutely hammered for but their advice
was the English Defense League is a
cerist organization and Muslims should
enter dialogue with them people should
listen to them that was the entirety of
the time I led the English Defense
League so I left the Engish Defense
League in 20145 so your viewers
understand what it was we were a
organization that brought to the
Forefront issues which government media
politicians didn't want to have discuss
they were issues that bring about the
failures of open Bard and mass
immigration the effect it has on society
and the reality of living in a town
that's been that they've flooded with
people of all different cultures so the
a group that come about to highlight and
bring to the Forefront and remember
grooming which we spoke about no one
even KN there was no word grooming it's
it's a pretty word they give it there
was no word grooming no one knew of
these rape gangs in fact everyone was
attacked or we were demonized for trying
to talk about them now years on everyone
accepts they were a reality as were many
of the problems we spoke about are now
accepted as legitimate and accepted as
truthful which is why videos I made
years ago have aged well for me and not
well for my opposition it's why people
are listening to me now and realizing
that they lie it's why it puts them in a
bad position and not me I can sit here
and say well I told you the truth and
the public who have been crying out for
the truth who are angered and who are
scared at a time like this when our
culture is disappearing when our country
is being flooded they're looking back
over 105 years and they're saying well
he was telling us the truth he wasn't
lying and against all the flak and all
the attacks and all the imprisonment
they still maintain telling the truth
and that truth isn't far right it's not
even extreme it's the
truth hey there truth Seekers and
freethinkers are you tired of the same
old merch that doesn't quite capture
your intellectual Spirit Well buckle up
because we've got some exciting news
that will make your synapsis fire
introducing the official dailywire merch
store on Sticker Mule Sticker Mule isn't
just any old merch company they are the
internet's favorite place for custom
stickers magnets and More in response to
the Trump assassination attempt sticker
mu's co-founder and CEO vocalized his
support for the former president and
called for an end to political hate now
they're bringing you exclusive daily
wire gear that will make your liberal
arts Professor do a double take by
shopping at stickermule.com dailywire
you're not just getting awesome merch
you're supporting free speech and
standing up against leftist group thing
plus a portion of every sale goes
directly to support the daily wire so
what are you waiting for head over to
stickermule.com dailywire today that's
stickermule.com
dailywire okay well so a couple of
things there so you said for example
you're objecting to the labeling of
farri you make the claim that many of
your friends aren't Caucasian or aren't
White
a very difficult thing to Define you
talk about the English Defense League
bringing in siks and Jews and people
from all sorts of different ethnic
groups but there's also an
anti-mass
immigration through story in your in
your discussions and so how do you
distinguish between the kind of
immigration that has brought you the
people that you have had friends
friendships with in Luton and the and
and the what what is it is it is it the
grooming gangs that's drawing the
distinction like what is it that you're
trying to tell people about immigration
given that you also have friends from
all sorts of different ethnic groups and
races and you're also denying any
allegations of racism or even ethnic
Prejudice for that matter and partly you
point to the fact that your English
Defense League had different groups of
people in it but also your own
friendship so what makes you convinced
that you're not a far-right figure and
what is it specifically about
immigration that you're trying to object
to
I'm not denying it I'm actually hated by
the far right I'm despised as a race
trailer as I've made comments so Angela
Merkel David Cameron these were all the
leaders at the time in the English
Defense League they all come out and
said multiculturalism is failed I went
on record of saying actually you're all
cowards yeah because what's failed if we
want to admit what's failed seism hasn't
failed integ great or assimilate into
British Society the Jews haven't failed
Solutions haven't failed everyone else
they haven't failed you are taking a
problem
that what's failed and I just speak
about my experience from growing up in
Luton and again I set the record
straight not every muslim okay I'm I'm
not saying every Muslim some of the best
people I've met growing up are Muslim
some of the people I love and still have
relationships are Muslim and I challenge
any journalist any journalist come to
Lon and find me Muslims with non-muslims
just and every time like every time when
I was leading the English Defense League
and a journalist would come and
interview me I said you walk through the
town and you try and find me Muslims
with non-muslims you won't find them
you'll have the Muslims and the
non-muslims now we didn't create that we
can't be on our school I speak about
when I grew up it was the Muslim
playground and the non-muslim playground
so I grew up experien in this I
experienced the separation the
secreation the the zero assimilation and
and I knew something was very very
different and until I think in 2011 I
was spending 22 weeks of solitary
confinement and I challenge again anyone
listening to do this take the Quran I
was sent in the Quran by a Muslim
Outreach organization trying to convert
me so I took the Quran and like right
let's look at this and opened it and I
challenge any of you to do this and
every time it says do not be friends
with Christians or Jews just write the
verse number you will have pages and
pages of verse numbers so then what you
have is children being bought up and if
I bought my children up and all of us as
white people brought our children up to
do not be friends with black children we
would see hostility and violence but
sooner and all of a sudden when I
started dissecting this book everything
I'd seen my entire life growing up made
sense everything and I don't and these
Muslims are being brought up to believe
this to believe that this is the word of
God that this is what they want that's
why we don't have a similation or
integration so when I talk about the
problems I've only ever spoke I haven't
spoke against immigration which is why
I'm under attack by people who are
against total immigration quite
currently right now I believe we need to
end immigration but the whole time I led
the English Defense League I said no I'm
against Islamic immigration and that's
because you're mixing oil and water and
it doesn't work and I can only speak
from experience of what I've seen the
more is problem let's assume that for
let's assume that at least in part that
your argument is valid and that you did
experience the Muslim tendency in luten
to be more segregated compared to the
other ethnic groups that you're
describing so I could say well that's
okay if people want to associate with
their own kind as a consequence of their
belief that's part parcel of a
multicultural vision and so why is it
that you object to it and why do you
have the what the tarity to object to it
people can associate with who they want
and so then it's not reasonable for you
to call out a specific religion
regardless of what it believes and so
what do you think of an objection like
that because we have within that Islamic
within that confined Islamic community
and we've had documentaries go down and
speak to Muslims in Luton who said I've
never met a non-muslim I've never met
one yeah they're grown up in L they've
never met a non-muslim so they're going
to go through inward looking and within
that Community it's a problem anyway for
integration simulation but within that
community and again I bring on our last
episode I spoke about alasin alasin are
now a prescribed terrorist organization
but they never were and I Tred to
explain it to members of the Muslim
Community like this you've got a
close-knit Islamic community and within
that close-knit Islamic community
there's a bunch of activists who are
active every day 25 hours a day seven
days a week this group are active and
they're teaching all non-muslims that
they're teaching Supremacy and violence
against non-muslims because within that
Community that's what's happening Alma
jine 60% of terrorist UK Muslims on
terrorism charges or in ja for terrorism
are ex-members of this group now within
that community that if you if you if you
change it to the white community of
luten and you have the non-muslim
community and within there you have a
thousand Nazis who have Pace tables set
up and are continually promoting Nazism
sooner or later the violence is going to
come out of that Community well that's
what we experienced we've experienced
something we never even understood I we
had to learn about Jihad before anyone
knew what Jihad was because it was being
taught Jihad was being taught as part
and past with the Islamic community
within my town so all of these problems
and that's not just that there's so many
problems that come from the community
the Hostile view the mainstream stream
hostile view against women especially
non-muslim women well those non-muslim
women are my daughter they're my mom and
they're walking through the streets of
Luton and you've got Community that's
being that's promoting a negative view
of women but especially our women and we
look at the Quran and we look at
scripture we might understand why but
unfortunately as soon as you try and
have that discussion you're farri right
you're racist or you're extremist and
the people that are calling you that
have no knowledge of Islam they don't
know anything about they're talking
about they don't know Muhammad's
teachings and and you're not even
allowed to talk about Muhammad's
teachings well sorry sorry Tommy let me
bring Tammy into this for a moment and
so and I'm I'm going to introduce her
with a couple of different questions I
mean
there are
many forces within the Muslim world that
are trying to establish something
approximating a day taunt and a peace
with the Western world that's
exemplified most particularly with the
Abraham Accords and the Abraham Accords
have stayed intact despite what's
happened after October 7th and all the
activism on the side of Iran for example
doing everything it possibly can to
destabilize the Western universities and
to bring out the demise of the
um of the of the peace process that was
established under the Trump
Administration and so there are positive
forces operating within the Muslim
Community that are trying to bring
something approximating peace and so
it's dangerous
to
segregate Islam as such you could make
this case it's dangerous to segregate
Islam as such because if we can't
continue to communicate with the
moderates then the more fundamentalist
types that are likely
misusing what might be a core religious
Doctrine to push their fundamentalism
and their and their essentially their
race hatred and their sadism and so it's
very difficult to walk through that and
separate the wheat from the tra Tammy
what I wanted to ask you is like you
insisted before we did that first
interview that you trusted Tommy
Robinson and
I asked you why and I want you to
reiterate that I also want you to tell
me if that's still true and I want to
see if you have some questions that
you'd also like to Levy Adam you've
watched what's happened in the last
month since we did our interview and so
maybe you could reiterate for people why
you thought we should do this interview
and what your what Drew you to want to
talk to Robinson to begin with and while
what your conclusions have been given
what we've gone through in the last
month well first of all I'd say that I'm
I'm free speech and I see Tommy as
uh putting a light to issues that nobody
else will talk about and that's
important and he's also outlined his
experience
personally that has been his Guiding
Light to it looks like what has been his
Guiding Light in what he has done I
guess my question would
be why is it that
Muslim culture has become so strong and
I know that there's lots of people there
but what happened to the Christian what
happened to the Christian word and the
and the Christian values that uphold
our um
societies I think there's a from my
point of view I think that there's been
a you know a disillusion of our
Christian values and so this other
more aggressive Force has come in and
taken our PL and taken the place of what
used to be a place of
Christianity and so I think that it's
complicated so I think it's complicated
yes I think that immigration isn't as
orderly as it was so now you know people
are getting into not just the UK but
into Canada into uh United States into
Sweden into lots of different places and
people aren't using their common sense
to regulate
that so and their faith common sense and
Faith well common sense and Faith go
together in some in some way because it
means you're using your intuition which
is
using something that's smarter than you
to find your way that you're not guiding
but you're finding you know it from
within your heart to do what best and um
everybody here is now so self-guided
that I think we're getting in each
other's way way more often and I can't
speak for I've I've looked at the Quran
some um and I am making my way through
it and I agree with you Tommy that we
should be reading that book because
everybody should
know if we're not going to read the
Bible let's read the Quran I mean we
have to we have to know what we're up
against and
we've left the Bible we've left the
Bible and we're not going by those
values anymore and so we're going to be
lost and we're go and those policemen
and those government officials who are
those people who are those people that
they're not willing to stand up for
British um for British values and
they're not willing to tell the truth
like what's going on with them why why
don't they have the conviction to uh be
I mean these are their families and
their communities are going to suffer if
they don't stand up so what's going on
that Tommy has to shout from the
rooftops what's going on with the
Muslims okay so let me take that apart a
little bit so from what I understand
well you you made reference to what
might be a broader social problem which
is well there is an incursion of
fundamentalism let's say and that's
coming in arguably primarily from the
fundamentalist Muslim side and it's
making major in in places like Luton and
people like Tommy are at the Forefront
of that and so you're highlighting the
fact that it it's a tremendous weakness
in the west perhaps primarily on the
faith front that is allowing that and
that we should look to that and attempt
to address it and that you feel that
Tommy has been found himself and also
adopted the position of being the canary
in the coal mine with regards to that
warning so okay so I have another
another question for you Tammy it's like
your your personal response to Tommy is
also interesting to me I mean you know
we we put ourselves you and I we put
ourselves at substantial risk as a
consequence of that interview and I
don't regret that a bit I think it was
the right thing to do but that was
partly based on your intuition that we
could trust this man and so I'm still
curious so let's divide this into two
things I'm curious about why you trust
him and if it's that's still the case
despite all the things that have been
levied against him let's say some of
which we haven't got into yet and then
um Tommy I'm also interested in your
comments about Tammy's sense that the
West has allowed itself to be weak in
the way that has produced the situation
that we're describing and that we bear
you know as westerners we bear a
tremendous amount of responsibility for
that so Tammy you start first is like
well I first of all I think that the
working class in the UK are trying to
stand up
and to protect the and the rest of the
people in the UK the people who are more
of an upper class are hesitant hesitant
to join or even um support that kind of
movement and that's a question that's
definitely a
question you know I'm a I'm from a
workingclass place and so are you Jordan
and I I was I was RA raised in a
workingclass town and so I think
that what Tommy is doing isn't foreign
to me it it his his response isn't
foreign to me it seems like something
that if we had you know friends in high
school one of our high school friends
would have been doing that or or maybe
even ourselves would have been doing
that if we were in that situation so I
can see myself in Tommy in a way that uh
makes me less skeptical of what he's
doing because I can see the necessity
for speaking up and telling people
what's going on so that they have a
chance Tommy y I think so Tommy you got
any questions about that and yeah my
point is look at what you've faced or
look at the attacks has anyone actually
gone for anything we've said and drawn
drawn a factual said this is this is
factually incorrect no no one's
challenging the discussion they just
well and I would also I would also point
out Tommy that you know you talked about
the corruption of the Judiciary know
while you know I'm in trouble with my
college Licensing Board in Canada for
saying things that people you know this
the trouble that I've that I tamy and I
have encountered as a consequence of
interviewing you is a variant of trouble
that we're quite familiar with my my
governing board the College of
psychologists is doing everything they
can to re-educate me and to suspend my
license and the Judiciary in Canada has
essentially refused to hear any of my
appeals and so you know so I sit there
wondering whether I'm far right and
didn't know it or if I'm in the same
kind of situation that you're in and
facing a Judiciary and a political
system that's become corrupted in some
manner that's so fundamental that it's
kind of a miracle corrupted corrupted
and it's well if someone has a problem
with what we said tell me what it was
that I said that was wrong and then this
is the problem they don't and this and
the reason being that they want to
attack they attack why why aren't people
speaking up I think you said Tammy why
aren't there more people speaking up
well look what they do to anyone that
does you really whistle blood how many
whistleblowers there were that attempted
to talk up during the grooming Scandal
we found out once it all become
knowledgeable they were destroyed they
had their reputations destroyed people
within in people within charities in
those towns and cities and people within
the police force that attempted to speak
had their lives and reputations
destroyed so what's happening to me you
get to hear my story how many people
this is happening to you don't get to
hear across and that's why the
weaponization of the Judiciary you hear
my story you hear Donald Trump's story
people can make their mind up and want
it how many people are being silenced
across the west by that Judiciary how
many people are having um like
injunctions put against them or are
being bankrupt and the targets I I
actually think Jordan that since we LA
and Tammy since we last spoke everything
that's happened since has totally proven
everything I said in in in the matter of
fact of what have they said by the
headlines I instigated the riots that's
what they're saying the British media
have said and they you that what they
did is they came and found out where I
was with my family and then they made me
front page news they they actually
docked where my children were in in the
resort they said that I fled the country
and that I was in hiding that holiday
was booked for 18 months that holiday
was booked for 18 months now they said
that and they put me as the instigator
for the riots and that that was
published everywhere and
characters like Pierce Morgan you know
earlier you said there was allegations
that it was a Syrian I never shared
those allegations so there's not one
person that can point to anything I
shared that was factually incorrect
about the Southport killer yet they want
to say that I'm the instigation of the
rights so Nigel farage shared that it
was a Syrian refugee I didn't I didn't
share any information till I had the
knowledge of who it was so that no one
can Levy that against me pi Morgan said
i' done that factually incorrect again
but then I'm not the one with the media
they're the one with the mainstream
media so the mainstream media have gone
out I what I done is I took what I've
said and what and what my advice has
been and do you know what they use in
the in the Daily Mail article that put
me as the bearer and the instigator of
the violence the the example they gave
of my inflammatory tweets was mass mass
deportations needed so once again what
we've seen I'm the scapegoat I'm facing
total imprisonment calling for my
extradition terrorism charges there's
not one single shred of evidence not one
person can point to what I've said or
what I done whether it be a tweet or a
comment that instigated violence in fact
all of the evidence is the total
opposite so luckily the people who have
seen my videos which is millions of
millions on X they know that they're
being lied to but I don't think the
authorities or the government or all the
powers that be care about that because
they have the power of the media so they
continually every day if you go on now
and Google Tommy Robinson look how many
negative stories there about me today
every single day since since since I put
100,000 people on the street since I had
a massive peaceful rally every single
day are become under complete and utter
Onslaught by the media without one shred
of evidence ladies and Gentlemen let's
talk about something that matters your
well-being in a world where Traditional
Values are under siege it's crucial to
stay strong mentally and physically
enter responsible man a dailywire
ventures company responsible man
understands what it means to be a pillar
of strength in these challenging times
that's why they've created Emerson
multivitamin not for the faint of heart
but for men who shoulder their
responsibilities with pride Emerson
multivitamin contains 33 ingredients to
work in harmony to fortify your immune
system sharpen your mental acuity and
maintain muscle and heart strength it's
not just a vitamin it's fuel for the
culture battles we face every single day
and here's something to make you stand
just a little taller Emerson
multivitamin is proudly made in the US
OFA no compromises no shortcuts just
pure American craftsmanship take
advantage of responsible man's Labor Day
sale going on now through September 8th
visit responsible man.com and use code
Jordan to get 50% off your first order
but hurry because this deal won't last
long remember a resilient Society needs
resilient Men start your journey to
Better Health with responsible man
vitamins that's responsible man.com code
Jordan for 50% off responsible man
because true strength comes from
within let me let me delve into some of
those again because I I want to go
through everything that we've gathered
that people are coming after you about
and so I'm just going to read the
listing of of allegations that we've
that we've gathered convictions for
assaults public order offenses and
mortgage fraud allegedly violated court
orders leading to imprisonment in 2018
we talked about that a little bit in the
previous discussion defamation of
15-year-old Syrian refugee 2021
allegedly linked to the 2017 Finsbury
Park Mosque attack exited Britain with
an Irish passport banned from multiple
social media platforms including Twitter
Facebook and Instagram for violating
their policies on hate speech and
incitement to violence well I was banned
on Twitter so you know join the club
accusations of Miss in fact I think you
and I were reinstated at about exactly
the same time accusations of misleading
and inaccurate reporting Robinson has
been criticized for spreading
misinformation and making inaccurate
claims in his reports and documentaries
particularly regarding the grooming gang
scandals so we could start with
convictions for assault public order
offenses and mortgage fraud maybe we
could do this Tommy I mean let's do this
like if you look back okay if you look
back in your at your past I mean what
what do you think you've done that that
hasn't been right that has increased the
probability that you're going to be the
target of these sorts of allegations
I've open there's the mortgage fraud the
public order offenses let's walk through
that let's walk through them let's
through them bearing in mind what you've
witnessed in the last seven days that
British pensioners are being put to jail
for gesturing their arms aggressively at
a demonstration that's what everyone
does at a demonstration but they're
getting 20 months a man who said Allah
Allah HUD is Allah just got 18 months
for saying that yeah so what you w what
you've witnessed is not actual crimes
but you've witnessed being people sent
to jail to set an example yeah and I'll
give an example again Muslims drove from
Manchester down to gold as green the
Jewish area of London they drove through
on a tanoy system out of their car
saying we're going to rape your
daughters no prosecution the leader of
hisb here stood on our capital city
under a banner calling for Muslim armies
and demanded Jihad in the name of Islam
No conviction so what you what what the
country have seen and I'll go through my
experiences let's start on the mortgage
fors U Jordan when I started my activism
in 2009 between me and my wife we had
seven properties two businesses and
seven properties all of my mortgages
were 100% legit now what they done is
they went and got a 5-year investigation
and in their warrants they went through
my mom's accounts my dad's accounts
every family member bank accounts now
what they got on my brother-in-law my
brother-in-law who was 21 or 22 at the
time yeah he bought his first property
now when he B bought his first property
that banks used to have they used to
encourage self-certification mortgages
so it was encouraged by the Banks so
basically if you want to get a mortgage
as long as you put down 20% deposit you
could just selfer Y how much you earn
you don't have to show your wage you
don't have to show your contract from
your company you self-certify now as I
said I had seven properties I was buying
repossessions and doing them up and
keeping them remortgaging the money
there's no question about any of my
mortgages yeah so my brother-in-law he I
lent him 20,000 as a young man to get
his first property he bought a property
he said it was 80,000 he bought it he
put 20,000 down 60,000 he spent N9
months doing it up he sold it N9 mon
months later yeah he so he buys the
property he said he earned 20,000 a
year but really he earned 12 so he buys
it he gets a mortgage he sells it the
mortgage company are paid back three or
four years later after this they come in
they go for all the forms and they say
well he lied on his mortgage form yeah
which the whole country lied on their
self-certification mortgage forms it was
encouraged they had no evidence against
me he was so he lied on his form what he
lies in his form has nothing to do doing
me so they get him and then they say
that when he sells the property so he
buys it for 80 he sells it for 120 after
doing the property up after 9 months he
makes a profit the B mortgage company
are paid back there's no one been deed
they then say that the profit then
becomes the proceeds of crime because he
lied on his mortgage form what do they
do they Nick him and they Nick me they
then charge me on tax evasion they go
through my companies they charge me on
tax evasion they say I ow the bank I
owed them 13 7,000 tax they hold me on
these conditions for four years Jordan
they freezed my assets they closed I had
two successful companies both of them
were closed down yeah they so this so
people understand the truth of what went
on with the mortgage Ford I had no
mortgage Ford they got me on tax I got
not guilty within two hours of the tax
investigation what they then done in
court was they listed my wife to stand
trial for tax now no one knows what my
wife looks like all my children even
though the Daily Mail tried to expose
last week no one knows some I I can't
walk down the street in the UK yeah
without being prepared to fight my wife
can so they then put her on trial then
they pull me out of the court case they
sit me down and say plead guilty to
these charges we dropped your wife we
drop your other family members so I took
a plea deal and I took a plea deal that
got me 18 months in prison for a
mortgage that had nothing to do with me
where a bank lost no money so when
people want to list what but remember if
you look now when you look and it
frustrates me because I've never been
tried by a jury Jordan all the other
allegations you're going to read look
what they say in there I lied about a
Syrian refugee watch my documentary
silence I didn't lie about anything I
told the truth they lied they
continuously lie now I'm not saying I'm
perfect the assault charge and again
this is all documented the assault
charges I'm leading the English Defense
League at the time every time we say
we're Against Racism and we're not far
right the media say we are so we had a
problem with n certain far-right
nationalist groups trying to attach
himself to our our organization there's
actually a de there's actually a film
that was made by Channel 4 and when I
sit down on the coach and they say what
do we expect today from the
demonstration I say I'm going to kick
all hell off and they said what do you
mean I said we need a clear out yeah so
I got on the stage at a demonstration
and I'm telling you this because we had
no I had no other choice I'm leading a
street protest movement that's what I
was leading and we needed a clear out
because the far right were continually
trying to attach himself to our movement
so I got on the stage at this and this
is on a documentary I hold a seek lad's
hand git sing and I say if you're in the
crowd and you don't like what you see
here you're in the wrong place this is
our England yeah not your England not
what you want for it so show yourself
and I name a far right group that were
called the Northeast infidels I say
where are you you go against everything
we stand for but you're in amongst our
thousands of supporters there's a little
group of you but you keep coming in our
crowd we don't want you here so I call
them out now what I do is I leave the
stage and I knock one of them out and
and that and that was to cause the
separation of the groups and it totally
worked so when they talk about my
assault they don't want to explain it
was for a far-right Nazi wearing a
combat 18 t-shirt they don't give you
the context of what it was now that was
us making a a conservative I had to do
that as a leader of an organization when
Nazis were trying to come on the streets
with us so I let them know you're not
coming and then I made a video
afterwards Jordan saying if anyone has a
with that if any any of you next time we
come to us on the streets with you it's
on and and it's on from English men who
don't want you there they never come on
the streets again Jordan yeah they had
masqueraded themselves within our
movement and that was so that's the
assault charge so when they give this
list of charges one of the others is the
mortgage fraud the contempt proceedings
what you're going to soon read Jordan on
my Wikipedia page is that I got two
years in jail which I face now because I
lied about a Syrian refugee what's the
film I didn't lie I told the truth so
yes they've tried to set an example
about me are our courts weaponized what
have you seen in the last seven days we
have seen knife crime out of control
migrant gangs out of control jihadists
out of control 40,000 Muslims on a
terror watch list and they managed to
they they clear our prisons out to open
spaces for pensioners who might have
said something on Facebook that's what
you and then they've live streamed those
court cases they've let the this what
what you've witnessed in the last seven
days is to terrify the British public
into remaining silent you better shut up
while we open your borders you better
shut up while we bringing hostile people
into community and if you open your
mouth I think Constantine kissen has
pointed out from trigonometry that
there's been more than 3,000 convictions
in the UK for for essentially for
Facebook crimes so this has been
building there only 600 in Mia there
there was only 600 in Ria right right so
this has been building for a long time
and you know I also think that what
happened to our interview on YouTube is
emblematic of exactly this proclivity to
Define certain kinds of speech as it
criminal as far right and and to
suppress it entirely Tammy one of the
things you and I talked about leading up
to this interview was the Gathering of
the kind of information that I'm
torturing Tommy about right now and um
we should talk about allegations linked
to the 2017 Finsbury Mark Park Mosque
attack but Tam are there other things
other questions that we haven't address
that you have on your list list well I'm
I'm kind of curious about the passport
the Irish passport yeah yeah can I can I
quickly do you know when I just said so
on my mortgage fraud case I get sent a j
on mortgage fraud it's to I leave the
English Defense League this is factual
yeah no one can deny this I get taken
into a prison cell I'm sat in prison I'm
in Winchester prison I've been I've been
violently battered I lost my teeth in
Woodhill so I'm sitting in Winchester I
then get a legal meeting I go to my
legal meeting and I go sit and this is
all do I sit down in my legal meeting
and two young men come in and they're
younger than me and then then you you
wouldn't think they're police officers
and they said no one knows we're in here
visiting you no one only the head
Governor yeah so when you go back to the
wing of prisoners you can say whatever
you want as to who's come to see you
here I said okay they said what AR we're
from the Metropolitan intelligence
Bureau MIB what's the MIB it's a
secretive unit within Scotland Yard okay
if you the reasons you've get for
leading the English Defense League if
you're true and you want to help your
country which is what you've said and
you opposed these far-right ideologies
we we're asking you when you leave
prison will you work for us I said what
do you mean work for you I said just
left hand not know what right hand's
doing you've just absolutely tried to
destroy my life for so long so I refuse
and they say where do you and and and
I've I've give the recording to this
where do you see yourself in five years
time and at this time in my life I I had
had enough about talking about Islam
I've been battled in jail I've lost
everything I've been to jail but I was
in prison but i' i' managed to hold on
to the seven properties my wife had that
my wife and me had so I said when I get
out of jail they said what's your plans
I said well I'm going to sell my
properties and go back into building
they said where will you be in five
years time I said I'll be a
multi-millionaire I'll be a successful
young man and a multi-millionaire they
said okay well we're asking you again
will you will you agree to work with us
will you contemplate I said not a chance
I'm no one's slave yeah I'm not working
I'm not a grass I'm not working for
anyone I leave prison yeah so I come out
of prison I'm driving and and and again
I put the recording
anyone who you might be able to find
this speech yeah cuz they try and hide
them all it's called Tommy Robinson um
York free speech and I put the
recordings in here so I'm driving in my
car and I'm on the motorway boom police
come from everywhere I'm shut down I'm
arrested for burglary yeah I'm taking in
and I'm questioned about a burglary in
my head's thinking what is this all
about yeah what is this all about I get
released the next day bearing in mind
I've got nine months of prison license
left to do so I get released I go home I
get in and my wife says Winchester
prison's been on the phone
I say wi which is where I've just been
released from which is where they made
an approach to me in Winchester prison
so she gives me a phone number it's 0207
well 027 is London it's not Winchester I
said why are they been on the phone she
said you've left property there I said
okay so I ring the number he says Tommy
it's olle oie from the MIB I come and
saw you in jail I said okay I said well
you're in a predicament now aren't you I
said how am I in a predicament they said
what's it going to look like if the
media get you on a on a burglary charge
I said I haven't burgled anyway I'm not
in predicament I haven't left the
motorway yeah they said okay well if you
get charged when you answer bail in 4
weeks time you're on licensed recall for
9 months now for me prison's death
possibly because jihadist control the
prison so I sat there and I swear to God
I cried my I come off the phone they
said all you have to do is agree to have
a meeting with us I said I'm never have
I'm never having a meeting with you yeah
I hung up the phone I cried my eyes out
I said what am I meant to do here what
am I meant to do and if you look at
every single terrorist that's gone on to
commit acts of jihad in our country
they've all had prior involvement with
our security services the MIB are the
security services now they try to
approach me what happens then is I'm out
of jail I then get a letter after
refusing I get a letter from my lawyer
saying they've they've launched
confiscation orders against me and they
want
125,000 off me now the 125,000 comes
from the house that was sold by my
brother-in-law well he bought it for 80
and sells it for 120 or
125 they want me to pay the entirety of
the money even though 80 ,000 or 60,000
was a mortgage they want me to have to
pay it back even though it had nothing
to do with me so I get a letter I then
get a court date to go to court I then
get contacted again Tommy you will never
have to pay this money come and have a
meeting with us this is blackmail by the
security services at this time and I
urge any of you to go watch this I sit
down with the lead officer from
counterterrorism my pration officer for
being released from prison was
counterterrorism why apparently I was in
prison for mortgage for what's that
going to do with counterterrorism when I
got released from prison all my
conditions were not to contact the
English Defense League and not to talk
about Islam well how is this what's this
got to do with the mortgage for I'm
supposedly in jail with so I then sit
down with the lead officer of
counterterrorism I said you know what
I'm I've got I've got a date to talk at
Oxford University I'm blowing the lid on
this yeah this is blackmail by the
security services to get the blackmail
in me in position to work for them I'm
blowing the lid two days before I'm due
to talk Oxford University boom I'm I'm a
licensed recall I'm put back in prison
for 28 days on a recall and they used
the fact that someone threatened to rap
my mom I went online and posted saying
well you don't need to look for me
because that's what the threet said and
it was on Twitter I'll be here tomorrow
and a give where I'd be if you want to
come and find me they use that to
license recall me I spend 28 days in
custody I come out of jail I sit down
with my probation officer again I'm
pretty stubborn if anyone hasn't noticed
I refuse to back down so I said I'm I've
arranged to talk Oxford University
you're not going to stop what I'm doing
here yeah watch my speech at Oxford
University do you know how it starts if
you watch it from 2015
the speech she sits down they come back
to me and they give me a list of things
I'm not allowed to talk about or I'll
end up in jail Islam the police Security
Services yeah so I'm I said so I don't
have free speech now if you watch my
speech from 2015 Oxford University what
I say is the speech I wanted to give you
I'm not allowed to give you I've been
threatened with prison if I come and
tell you my whole speech was going to be
about the British police state and how
they operate and I'm now not allowed to
do that so the security services have
been looking since 2015 saying well how
do we deal with this guy yeah cuz he he
I I sold my house you know I paid them
125,000 I paid them I had to sell
everything and give them 125,000 or be
in their pocket forever and I refused to
be in their pocket so when we talk about
the different cases that's my mortgage
thought the passport case it wasn't
actually an Irish passport I went to
America to your American audience I
apologize for disregarding your laws but
in
2011 or 12 I come to the United States I
landed in 2011 I was rained at JFK
airport and I was told on no on certain
terms I'm getting deported back I got
sent back because the British had
requested me not to be allowed in the
next year I decided to come I used my
friend's passport that's where I used my
friend's passport I got entry into
America and I gave a speech after a New
York state senator and I recently dug up
that speech and in that speech I say I
wish someone had come to my hometown 30
years ago and warned us of what was
going to happen well I'm here to warn
you cuz i' I'm not talking about what
I've read I'm talking about what I've
seen and lived through open Bard Mass
immigration and what's going to happen
to the United States of America I give a
speech I land back in the UK I was
reminded I spent 22 weeks on solitary
confinement for that crime 22 weeks on
so confinement so that's the passport
case was it wrong for me to enter
America um illegally yes it was did I
come with a very important message from
the United States of America a massive
message that if they to listen to it in
2011 they might be in a better place to
protect the United States of America now
as I said I can go through every one of
these instances no one can def no one
can refute these there's no evidence to
refute what I'm saying in fact I played
the recordings in my York speech of the
police interviewing me on burglary now
many people I can have every allegation
you want against me everyone knows I'm
not a house burglar yeah but they use
that to get me in a position I don't
doubt that they're blackmailing Muslims
day in day out the security services to
act and work in a certain way I have no
doubt ever the dark powers that play in
the British State and that's what I've
spoke openly against so when I say why
they don't know how to deal with me
simply they don't know what to do and
that's why I think now I face two years
in prison again and so tell tell tell me
about that like so you're out of the
country I don't I don't want to ask you
where you are although maybe you want to
Enlighten people as to your your
whereabouts what is your legal situation
at the moment in the UK and and what are
your plans and then Tam if you have any
other questions Maybe you can follow up
after that so where are you what what's
your legal situation what are your plans
at the moment I'm in
Russia no I'm only joking I'm only I'm
only joking have that as headlin sh I'm
not in Russia my my plans everyone's
telling me to run and everyone's telling
me not to come home I'm coming home I'm
not running I I don't believe I'm on
trial I believe the British Judiciary is
on trial the problem that they have is
44 million people have watched that film
that means there's 4 million people
including influential people across the
world that know that I told the truth if
they wish to lock me up for that lock me
up they will lock me up we've seen what
they're doing with the current state of
things will I be in danger yes I will um
am I worried yeah totally totally
worried um worry for me worry for my
family I'm I I'm I'm I'm in court on the
28th and 29th of October so I currently
don't have to be in the UK I'm again
something I haven't talked about in the
last seven days they've knocked at all
my the police have gone to my family's
addresses including my mother and
father's and told them their lives are
in danger so I I've I've had a hell of a
lot to deal with do you know what it's
like sitting somewhere knowing that you
called for calm knowing that you held a
totally peaceful rally twice in a row
knowing that you haven't instigated
violence or attacks against mosques but
watching as the entire world's media say
you have there's no evidence to it no
evidence at all they are putting me in
danger they're putting a Target on me
since then Somalians certain Somalians
have said they want to kill me there's
been me Muslims making videos with
machine guns all of them have been lied
to they resurrected a dead organization
of the English Defense League that
hasn't been around for a decade and they
told the entire British Muslim Community
they're on about misinformation they're
on about Prosecuting for people for
misinformation the British government
and its politicians and police forces
told the whole Muslim Community of the
UK that the English Defense League was
coming to attack their mosques there is
no English Defense League there has
hasn't been for a decade the British
public were on the streets but what
they've successfully managed to do by
labeling everyone as far right by by
putting an ideological spin on the
reason people are angry they haven't
once had to talk about open B border
Mass immigration they haven't once even
had to address why people are angry it's
just they're angry because they're far
right and they're racist no yeah and
they' they've had a success it's it's a
total successful campaign by the
government if you look at what they've
done there was an uprising on the
streets of the UK and rather than have
to address one of those issues the labor
party not one of they had to address
what they've instead done is turn it on
the British public then have show trials
in order to intimidate and silence the
British public into saying you do not
get angry this has been our January 6th
moment and and and right on the end of
us having the most successful cultural
re Revolution organization in the
country seen what they've just they've
just blocked it totally blocked it used
the mass media use the politicians use
their weapons to totally deceive and lie
and and again I ask if I've done all
these things and I keep asking Pierce
Morgan I know he was on the show with
him last week why don't you sit down me
poor peers and show me where I've
instigated violence or attacks against
mosque show me what I've said that's
encouraged violence you know what there
was do you know what I've heard one news
reporter say well he said that there was
attacks by Somalians against a woman in
iwi yeah that was the Times newspaper
yeah I quoted the Times newspaper how
dare I so no one's even been able to
show me what I've said that's
misinformation because I haven't I did I
wasn't part of the campaign to push it
was a Syrian refugee I remained silent
on that fact in fact I come out and
corrected certain falsehoods and I and
but again what your what the people need
to understand is in the seven days prior
to the riots seven days prior to the
riots eight I don't know if you're aware
that today there's been a terrorist
attack look will I get done for
misinformation in that a okay a migrant
has gone and stabbed a bishop walking
out an army barracks in the Republic of
Ireland whilst muttering about the Irish
Army's involvement in the Middle East
yeah that's what's come out right now
today in gway I believe in Ireland now
in the seven days prior and this is very
important that people understand what
built up the frustrations of the British
public yeah with watch since October 7th
as Hamas have took over the capital city
calls for Jad by mosqu and imams
desecration of War memorials no arrests
we're continually told by the police we
can't arrest people for burning Flags
this is freedom of the speech they've
committed no crimes so we've watched all
of that and then we sit and we watch as
a migrant gets off a motorbike he's been
in the country six months he waits for
an army officer in uniform he doesn't
attack anyone who's not in uniform even
though people who aren't in uniform are
there and he butchers that army officer
this doesn't even make lead news I
remember making a video next day saying
why is it why am I not watching this on
the news an army officer has been
attacked in full uniform and stabbed to
Pieces it's not even making the news
what's going on and then we get told of
course it's mental health so that
incident is side sidelined as mental
health the British public are watching
because we're able to tell them actually
an army officers has been attacked in a
ferocious knifing here his wife comes
out of the house and jumps on the man
that's attacking him the man that's
attacking him doesn't stab his wife he
continues stabbing the officer the only
person he attacks is in a military
uniform very similar to what happened to
Lee R when he was beheaded by Michael
adago they didn't attack the banders in
the street because they said that
they're not the targets the military are
the targets for the British involvement
in Muslim lands so this looks very
similar you why don't I believe that the
police and government why they tell us
it's mental health and again anyone
anyone listening to this go on Google
Now and type in Russell Square attack
you will see an attack in Russell square
a Muslim goes into his mosque in the
morning says he wants to kill
non-muslims yeah they don't they don't
report him to the police they say a
prayer for him what he then does he
leaves he leaves the Muslim Community so
don't he don't come out with a mental
mental attack and start stabbing anyone
he leaves the Muslim Community he
travels to b square he stabs seven
non-muslims he murders a American
citizen who's a tourist he gets stabbed
to death in between each of these
attacks he shout Al abbar now try and
find this on the terrorist attack list
you won't because it wasn't deemed a
terrorist attack it was an incident of
mental health like so many others and
when they have these mental attacks they
don't go and kill anyone that's not
that's Muslim that is non-muslims that
are killed so we don't believe them so
this happens then we have the attack
then we have the riots up in hair um up
in leads where basically um a Romanian
child went into hospital with a
fractured skull now we have uh
protections for children where if
there's questions about the parenting
which I don't believe the parents were
at home when this child had a fractured
skull so they' see it as neglect they
went in to take the children as
protection yeah so they take the
children as they do that in this
close-knit Muslim and Romanian Gypsy
Community the Muslims and the Romanians
both of them because there's evidence it
was both of them come out and burn
police cars buses and attack the police
now the the images that the British
public watched were as the police run
away they didn't get their dogs out
horses out they didn't come in with
batons they literally Leed it and left
them to burn the estate now as they burn
the estate an English mother comes out
of her house when the next night when
all the crowds there again and start
saying will you please go in your houses
stop causing the problems I have to live
here the police arrest the English
mother they take her away so what we've
seen and and and then the Romanian
gypsies make a statement saying unless
the children are given back tonight you
are going to talk about these riots for
a hundred years in this country now as
soon as I said that I put a post out on
X saying guarantee they give the kids
back I know they're going to because
this is what works in Britain by by that
later that night the children are given
back to the parents there's no riots all
the Gypsies and all the Muslims go off
the streets yeah so what that this is
what the public are watching then all in
this quick seven days then what we see
is a Muslim at Manchester Airport is
kicked in the heads you may have seen it
go viral he's kicked in the head by a
police officer whilst laying on the
floor it doesn't look great yeah it
looks ferocious by the police officer
but we have no context as to what
happens before that now what we then see
are thousands of Muslims Target Rockdale
police station where the Muslims have
been arrested and we then find out three
officers have been injured including a a
police woman who's had a broken nose so
the Muslims come to the police station
they attack the police station you
there's not a police officer in sight
there's no dogs there's no horses
there's no riot shield literally the
Muslims are given free reign we then
hear Muslim commentator after
commentator in the UK threaten The
Establishment and say that they better
prosecute the the police officer then
the police come out and give a statement
saying they've released the Muslims
they're released they're not on remand
in jail even though you've seen all
these people being remanded for Facebook
post they're released and then they say
a criminal investigation has been opened
against the police officer so they give
the Muslim Community what they're
demanding the next day we see the video
released of what happened prior to him
getting kicked in the head guess what
happened the Muslims violently attacked
the police in unprovoked attack I mean
punching and beating police officers
which is a straight away you'd get
remanded if you do that how are they out
on the streets and then the police had
already give a statement saying they've
been released because of insufficient
evidence well now we're watching a video
you had the evidence you had the EV you
were about to sacrifice the police
officer who actually done a fabulous job
literally he gets attacked from behind
he pulls the man down who's been tasered
and instantly kicks him it wasn't he
didn't even have a second to think yeah
and he's an armed response police
officer so these Muslims violently
attack him could have got hold of their
guns so the public have watched all of
this and they're asking the questions as
to why did you release them why are you
Prosecuting the police officer that done
nothing wrong it's the whole it's the
whole um it's the whole situation again
from the United States is it's the whole
situation with George Floyd they've
they've surrendered and they've gave the
police officer over for a lawful arrest
whether it looked bad or not it was
within the law and that's what they've
done to this police officer so this all
happens what message of the British
government told the country if you root
we'll listen that's what they told them
and then an attack happens straight
after this so you have to understand the
Prelude to what's happened yeah and you
have to understand that attack after
attack and aggression after aggression
has not been dealt with the police have
not made arrest against the Islamic
community they literally run away from
them and literally at the same time as
this they attack British protesters
whether it be on St George's day now
yesterday was Independence Day for
Pakistan the scenes we've seen across
our country the police dancing with
pakistanis celebrating Pakistani day
well that's not what we saw for Arsen
George's day we saw police with batons
and riot shields attacking English men
dragging their s George's Flags off them
and beating them so what you have is a
British public who feel totally
oppressed by their government and police
force and if they didn't feel that now
then as we're watching people be impr
prisoned for comments on Facebook many
of them anti-establishment comments
you're putting people in jail for
anti-establishment comments whereas you
haven't put people in jail or arrested
them for calls for Jihad for calls from
the river to the sea oh that's that's
legit but you dare to say Allah Allah H
is Allah you're get 18 months so they
have actually ingrained on the world
stage two-tier police and and two-tier
Judiciary and the public have had the
opportunity to see exactly what I've
known for 15 years of my activism I know
that we have a two-tier policeing and
two-tier Judiciary and in the last seven
days that Judiciary has been totally
weaponized and the target is the British
public who are standing up and yes there
were men committing crimes and yes there
were riots and if you wanted to deal
with them but how come how come the four
Muslims who got arrested or the three
Muslims they still haven't even faced
prosecution yet women are in jail for
Facebook post within seven days what is
going on that's what the whole
country it was very very rapid very
rapid public it was really something to
see so okay so Tommy let I I want to
bring Tammy back in here for a minute
but before I do that I want to ask you
look you're you're at the center of a
major controversy and that's not going
to go away and what would you say this
is kind of a stalk question but I don't
know how to more intelligently formulate
it um what frightens you about yourself
what do you think about you is what are
your characterological weaknesses like
you're in a rough position and it's
necessary when you're in a position like
yours is to be very aware of your
various sins and stupidities and so you
know you said you've been very
emotionally upset about what's happened
to you and you've been you've been
traumatized in prison and you've had
your finances demolished and you've been
the target of Judiciary investigations
for a very long time that's very
stressful it can make people what would
you say touchy and volatile you know and
I can actually understand that and so
like what what do you see in yourself
that's dangerous and and how are you
trying to
control what I suppose the terrible
things that you could purposefully or
inadvertently bring
about okay so yep so yes when when the
country was at as highest point point
again when Lee RG was beheaded when Lee
R was beheaded I held a demonstration to
10,000 people no one wants to pick up
what I've said I stood up and said
there's 660 Muslims serving in our Armed
Forces yeah they're doing more for the
country than me if you attack a Muslim
woman you're a coward I've always
educated and been pivotal on my points
of nonviolence always but yeah what is
the danger for me the danger for me
personally is I ain't going to back down
it's simple and that doesn't mean I'm
not scared I'm scared now I'm terrified
of I have felt under attack at times
I've never felt what I felt for the last
two weeks never I never ever felt this I
am I have got it coming from every angle
from everywhere what does that do to me
does it make me cower no it makes me out
fighting and it makes me come out
fighting in the sense that I'm willing
to be the sacrificial lamb for you yeah
I'm willing to and you better believe it
to the establishment if you think
putting me in jail and getting me killed
is going to solve your problems you're
going to spark the revolution like you
cannot imagine and I'm willing to be in
that position so I keep putting myself
in the way saying go on then what are
you going to do because I'm not going to
back down on the sense and the re why am
I not going to back down cuz I
wholeheartedly Jordan Tammy I to anyone
watching I wholeheartedly believe our
country is State the future safety of
our children is at stake we're supposed
to shut up and remain silent whilst
we're replaced we well whilst hostile
communities are brought into our nation
whilst our rights and freedoms are taken
if you know how after the last seven
days you can't see our rights and
freedoms are being taken well we're not
going to remain silent while they take
them and I'm going to scream it from the
hilltop so what faults do I have that's
my fault my fault is that I'm I should
have backed down a long time ago I
should remain silent probably anyone
reviewing this may say I come across is
aggressive I can't I'm passionate and
I'm passionate because I've had every
thought and every worry going through my
mind for the last two weeks have I as I
watched the entire establishments media
government politicians lie about me but
I also know there's an army of people
watching this who have seen their lives
so there's people that you think you can
just silence me is it's not going to
work you're going to Marty me and I'm
not going to back down and you know what
you're going to create a thousand Tommy
Robinson you've already done that with
your actions over the last seven days '
already done that so there's no there is
no winning for them at this current
situation people are awake people aren't
backing down our fight for freedom
without your waight without our fight
and love for Freedom will outweigh your
want for tyranny and right now we're
facing tyrannical for forces tyranical
Forest that wish to enslave us and take
our speech something that's our
god-given right you're not taking it not
without a fight so people are and what
does that fight in doe I'm not calling
for people to commit violence I never
have what I'm saying is we will use our
platform for we will awaken people and
whatever move they make next whether
it's be my in prison and you see putting
people in prison for 30 months for s in
on Facebook you're actually doing our
job our cause to awaken people you're
helping with it so each time they try to
crush it you're actually creating more
people and they think that they can
scare people into silence and as I said
I stood on I stood in trafala square and
said to The Establishment what your
witness in now is the British Spirit do
you see what they've done since that day
is try to break that British spirit I
don't think be successful and the reason
they need to censor this video you're
watching now they need to censor it
because it has the ability to awaken
more people it has the ability to
inspire more people and they know that
they know that which is why they must
have total control you're going to go
back to the UK you said if I've got this
right near the end of October to face
the music that's the plan and in the
meantime I presume your your strategy so
far has
been certainly not to involve yourself
in the demonstrations and so for that
have been occurring in the UK over the
last few weeks except you also said that
you were correcting certain
misapprehensions about what's been said
about you and and also the information
that's been spread around so you're
going to your plan is
to stay out of the to let the events
unfold as they will but but that you're
going to go back to the UK and face the
music that's this that's the plan my my
plan is my documentary is currently on
44 million views by the time they get me
in jail it'll be on 100 million so by
all means send me to jail you'll put
more rid in that film than I ever dream
of we people need to realize the
weaponization of the court system
against the people it's not right it's
not right and people need to know what
they're doing and how they're silencing
dissident voices across the West they
need to understand it if we're going to
stop it people need to understand it if
Donald Trump gets elected he needs to
break this okay the weaponization of the
courts the unfair Judiciary do you know
I'm I will watch what I say when I get
into court before the judge have you
watched the film your honor if you have
watched the film and I'm still sat your
face in prosecution you're corrupt as
well cuz that film categorically proves
all I done was report the truth in what
sane Freedom loving world are we
standing in where someone faces two
years for reporting the truth do we
believe in the journalism or not do we
believe in freedom of the press or not
the problem is so many journalists don't
believe in it they believe believe in
activism they're activists not
journalists they're total activists so
my my my intention is on the 28th and
29th of October to put the BR British
Judiciary on trial in the world's eyes
now so long as they don't kill Elon Musk
between now and then that's my intention
CU everyone on X through my account will
be able to witness and watch the truth
be told that's my plans Jordan that's
not something I'm looking forward to I I
I just had I had two weeks booked my
children because I knew what was coming
yeah after three days they found me and
my children they doxed them and put them
in danger they purposely done that so I
I had that time that was my time with my
loved ones because I know what's coming
for me and they broke that yeah they
broke that so I'm not doing this because
I want to do this I don't want to do
this I much rather just be enjoying my
time with my children but I'm not
prepared for my children to become
enslaved I'm not prepared for their
freedom of speech to be taken I'm not
prepared for them to be totally
controlled by a manipulated media to
totally they want total control of the
narrative the centering of your YouTube
channel is to control the narrative
nothing more they not can't pick fault
with anything I've said otherwise that
highlight it they say you you've gone
against guidelines well show us what
guidelines I've gone against how come
you can't show us this is total and out
of control we either become slaves and
allow censorship through big Tech
through all the corporations or we fight
it I'm going to play my part in fighting
it Tam do you want to bring this to a
close make some comments ask Tommy some
some
questions well you inspired
me you're inspiring
us and thank
T and our our our our country
and
our values are worth fighting for and um
it's time for people I think it's time
for people to to see the next right
thing to do and then and then to do it
not to turn away not to turn away and
not to think it's someone else's fight
because I mean if it's your fight then
it's my
fight if it's if it's your fight then
it's my my son's fight it's my daughter
daughters fight cuz they have
children and we're fighting for our kids
we're fighting for our our grandchildren
to be able to have a place that can they
can call home like we have had a place
to call
home you know I don't really have any
questions I think um I think Tommy ended
it on a a very good note I think that
it's his bravery and his
conviction um that's what we need we
need to
look at ourselves and to see what it is
that is calling us to do and to take one
step in that direction and see where it
takes us and if that's a scary place and
it's going to be a scary place because
it's a uh we're in a we're in an
inflection point are you going to stay
with the Matrix or are you going to tell
the truth and free us from this
tyranny well can I Jordan thank you
Tammy do you know what thank you both of
you cuz you didn't have to give me you
didn't have to sit down with me ever and
sit and talk to me with with the way
they've made me toxic I understand the
probably the fears that would have come
with it you've done it as supporters of
free speech I'm very grateful for that
I'm sure the British public are grateful
as well because many British public who
feel silence and sensed see see me
talking on their behalf which is why
they feel uh a connection with me a very
passionate connection with me what would
you Jordan do you know the censored one
now that can't be shared and can't be
commented on would you put that on X
would you try yes yes we're planning to
do that right now we're planning to do
that I think we're doing that today
Tommy I think we're doing are you so
you're going to put the entirey on X
because because as they sent as they
Center and take the comments X is the x
is now the home of free it's the only
place that can have that you canot that
they cannot control the discussion which
means they don't control the narrative
I've said time and time again that Elon
Musk has as well is that mainstream
media and the controlled mainstream
media is the cancer and citizen
journalism I.E any show willing to have
debate and discussion that's the Cure
more discussion more free speech I'll
sit down and debate anyone on my issues
and and and that doesn't mean I'm
perfect or right about everything but
they should not be censoring or
controlling what you the public hear
they want to silence me to control you
they want to silence this they don't
want the comments or being able to share
this discussion because they want to
control how you think you're the target
we're in their way you are the target
well I I do think I mean I do I do think
like if I've had trouble with YouTube
in many ways they've left me alone but
they've taken down three of my
discussions in the past focusing most
particularly on the issue of The
Butchery of children by the sadistic
greedy ideologically captured medical
Elite and which is an absolutely
appalling Scandal on in every possible
Manner and so they took those down which
I find absolutely reprehensible and then
they have been gerrymandering our
discussion and playing tricks on it with
with it and I think if the powers that
be so to speak at Google can Jerry
Mander my discussions which I'm trying
to do in as good of Faith as I can
possibly manage then what the hell
chance does the typical person have to
have their perspective noted and
expressed and I'm looking at what's
happening in the UK with these as you
call it show trials which are taking
place with amazing rapidity given the
general congested nature of the Courts
in an extraordinarily public Manner and
I can't help but conclude that that's
being done to intimidate and all of the
worst fears I had about kir starmer have
come true he's a he's a totalitarian
utopian narcissistic leftist and that's
been on full display in the last month
and so it's a hell of a thing to see and
this is absolutely no fun for anyone and
uh you know I can commiserate at least
to some degree with what you've been
through and uh um and I guess we're
going to see what it unfolds maybe Tommy
will talk again a after October after
you go back to the UK that's probably
the best logical thing to do I'll be in
jail
bro I'll be in jail yeah well I guess
we'll see about that won't we yeah well
maybe maybe maybe maybe that's I need
you know if there was any chance Elon
must watch this film Elon please share
the film silenced I know it's a long
film and I know you're a busy man but if
if he could get to watch that film and
share it before I go prison it may well
be the thing that saves me because once
the world sees it the world's
politicians the world's leaders which
Elon M showing it would have the ability
to do um then it'd be it'd be more
difficult the more views on that film
The more difficult it is to lock me up
that's what I think so I'm grateful for
your time everyone and I if I come
across you know what I'm stressing now
thinking I've come across as aggressive
or come across I I am passionate about
what I believe in I'm passionate is my
life that's I feel in danger here the
effect on my family I've watched it all
the last two weeks the the the the
problems from my mom my dad the problems
from my children all coming from what
because we tell the truth because we
told the truth and there's no truth in
what they're saying so again they don't
back it up but I'm grateful for the time
you've given me again I'm grateful for
the opportunity to tell my story yes
absolutely absolutely and thank you for
talking to us um and taking the risk
that goes along with it and uh we
appreciate that uh terrifying though it
is and uh I guess we're going to talk
for another 20 minutes on the daily wire
side and I'll take 3 minutes after this
relatively stressful conversation in
terms of how you displayed yourself
today look Tommy I think that being nice
is an overrated virtue I don't think
it's a virtue at all when it's
indiscriminate and the fact that you
have enough spine
to stand up especially against those
bloody grooming gangs which was the
worst Scandal I think I've ever seen in
my lifetime Bar None the fact that you
were willing to put yourself in the
front line with regards to those
grooming gangs that that uh bestows a
fair bit of credit on you in my
estimation because that is so scandalous
and so brutal and so dark and so
malevolent and so widespread that it's a
it's no bloody Wonder people don't want
to look at it and that it's easier for
them to write you off as a right-wing
provocator because the alternative is so
bloody gruesome and horrible that I can
see why people don't want to face it who
wants to face and it's well that's
that's that Bloody cowardice that that
Tammy talked about that's pervasive in
the west and it is a consequence of the
collapse of our fundamental values and
our spineless weakness in the face of
any assault on our core identity and our
culture so oh well we'll watch how it
plays out over the next month and so
everybody watching and listening on
YouTube assuming that you get to do that
well thank you very much for your time
and attention and uh you know we'll stay
on top of this as much as we possibly
can and bring you the closest account
the closest to o imation to the truth
that we can possibly manage and thanks
again Tommy and Tammy for spending the
time and the effort to do this and if
you guys who are watching and listening
want to join us on the daily wire side
we'll continue this conversation for
another 20 or 25 minutes and so thanks
again Tommy y good to see you both thank
you thank you very much
[Music]